                     TeamPlanets installation instructions
                     =====================================

1. Introduction
---------------
   This file contains the installation instructions for the planet wars game 
engine and bots. For a more general description of this distribution, as well as
the usage instructions, please refer yourself to the README.txt contained in the
same directory as this file.

2. Prerequisites
----------------
   These bots and game engine are written in C++, so to compile them you 
obviously need a working C++ compiler with C++11 support. The development was 
performed using GCC 4.9, but any modern C++ compiler should work without any 
trouble.

   The building process is written using CMake, so you also need CMake 2.8.11 or
higher installed. You can find it at the official web site: 
http://www.cmake.org.

   The game engine also uses Qt 5 for its GUI, so get it from http://www.qt.io 
if you don't already have it.

   Also, if you want to perform the compilation on Windows, run CMake under
Cygwin (https://www.cygwin.com) because the building script uses the "find" 
command and it isn't directly available. 

   Also, please note that the development was performed on Linux. If you want to
compile this distribution using Visual C++ it should work, but the author could 
not  guarantee it, knowing somewhat weird nature of its C++ support.

3. Compilation
--------------
   Once you have all the prerequisites, launch the following commands in this 
package root directory, replacing <PREFIX> by the directory where you want this
distribution to be installed:
   $ mkdir build
   $ cd build
   $ cmake -DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=Release -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=<PREFIX> ..
   $ make
   $ make install

   If you use a compiler that don't understand GCC options (for example, Visual 
C++), perform the following command _after_ the first CMake invocation:
   $ cmake -DCMAKE_CXX_FLAGS=<OPTS>
Replace <OPTS> with the option to enable C++11 support.

   After the successful compilation, you can find the executables at 
<PREFIX>/bin and the shared libraries at <PREFIX>/lib. Don't forget to add the 
later to you system libraries search path, for example on Linux, run:
   $ export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$LD_LIBRARY_PATH:<PREFIX>/lib
Have fun!

                                             Vadim Litvinov
                                             12 mars 2015
